Pico ROS twist pub example (#1)
ros-controls/roscon2025_control_workshop: twist_publisher/README.md

#### Sine Wave Twist Publisher

### Prerequisite

> 1. In VS Code use the `Open Folder` option to navigate to the `twist_publisher` directory
> 1. Allow PlatformIO to download `zenoh-pico` into the folder `.pio/libdeps/esp32-s3-devkitm-1/zenoh-pico` (this step happens automatically after you open the folder with the PlatformIO extension enabled)
> 1. Clone additional [dependencies](platformio.ini#L35) `Pico-ROS` and `Micro-CDR` into the directory `.pio/libdeps/esp32-s3-devkitm-1/`
> 1. Update [src/main.cpp](src/main.cpp#L10-L15) to match your host's 
> - `ROUTER_ADDRESS` (see note below on running the router on the host)
> - WiFi `SSID`
> - WiFi `PASS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In VS Code use the `Open Folder` option to navigate to the `twist_publisher` directory
2. Allow PlatformIO to download `zenoh-pico` into the folder `.pio/libdeps/esp32-s3-devkitm-1/zenoh-pico` (this step happens automatically after you open the folder with the PlatformIO extension enabled)
3. Clone additional [dependencies](platformio.ini#L35) `Pico-ROS` and `Micro-CDR` into the directory `.pio/libdeps/esp32-s3-devkitm-1/`
4- Install [python virtual env](https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/faq/install-python.html) `sudo apt install python3-venv`.
5. Setup the 99-platformio-udev.rules as per the [instructions](https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/installation/udev-rules.html#platformio-udev-rules)
`curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformio/platformio-core/develop/platformio/assets/system/99-platformio-udev.rules | sudo tee /etc/udev/rules.d/99-platformio-udev.rules`
`sudo service udev restart`
6. Update [src/main.cpp](src/main.cpp#L10-L15) to match your host's 
- `ROUTER_ADDRESS` (see note below on running the router on the host)
- WiFi `SSID`
- WiFi `PASS`
```

Author: These auto update when it [renders online](https://github.com/ros-controls/roscon2025_control_workshop/blob/0b2c567285da573b3c8a53408388d81fff5e1c84/twist_publisher/README.md). Do we want to hard code the list numbers?
<img width="969" height="336" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e25de8b8-3ebc-44f1-b91d-a42518f2dcfe" />

## Running the Example

1. Start and open an interactive shell to the Workshop container
```bash
docker exec -it ros2_control_roscon25 bash
```

2. Start the Zenoh router and note the wireless IP address it is running on
```bash
ros2 run rmw_zenoh_cpp rmw_zenohd
```

You should see something like this in the output
```
2025-08-13T14:37:00.271196Z  INFO ThreadId(02) zenoh::net::runtime::orchestrator: Zenoh can be reached at: tcp/192.168.9.241:7447
```

> 3. Follow the `Prerequisite` above and build the project with `Ctrl+Alt+B` then download the code to the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Follow the `Prerequisite` above and build the project with `Ctrl+Alt+B` then upload the code to the device with `Ctrl+Alt+U`
```

Author: Good call!
